despite the fact that there are currently struggling
with an injury another could see where I am
the week Friday morning anyway with one
close positive feeling
the young attacker are extended
contract with ajax with three years and is now
until mid 2009 10
in Amsterdam service that here in the
blue man yes very happy
half years ago I had
lucky enough to sign proof and now
So repels yes and remain person like me
can not find you
you didn't have to worry about it for a long time
I think no I don't think I have it
very happy with ajax ajax
has a lot of faith in my audience
fantastic so yes i don't see any
reason not to renew
I am certainly not the first ajacied
who has his contract this year
extended
just like many of his teammates is too
He is not nearly finished in Amsterdam
absolute you otherwise that i don't because that
didn't want to be stuck that long
bind to ajax so it sure that
and yes now matter to just that kerchove at
love each other and it goes without saying
me that
let's all be happy together
want to stay and from there
achieve
debuted at the start of the season
I see in ajax 1 and at a fast pace
he then developed into one
important force for the team and
for that development he is now
rewards you for being a1
to have worked high in the first
she has had opportunities and that
yes well done it is also one
They like things that I like
see a little feeling is a play
make pass actions
he just comes by and then is not
sorry if you make a mistake once or two
mistakes as long as you just keep your action
do and where quality light so
Of course I think it is yes, I like to watch
by player type and he has it
linked, sometimes also returns
that it's finally it's a good one
combination it went very quickly it is
fantastic to experience all this
I had it from childhood on
dreamed and now I am finally there
And yes now it is important to make this line
hold and so go through the lions
for you through all her dreams
true I think what pattern you still
for the rest of the season
yes what i want now is just to be real
a solid water from the first and
from there many goals
narcissists and very important
are for the team
today an extra beautiful Sinterklaas
definitely with a beautiful gift